The “Help” Page will have the following four Tiles
a. Using this tool
b. Understanding the models
c. Terms and abbreviations
d. References and links

Initial content for the four tiles:

a.	Using this Tool

i.	Navigation

As shown on the main navigation bar, there are four main sections to this tool:
Home – This is the initial welcome page. It’s also the place where play actually starts for a given session. You can choose to either join an existing game or start a new one by choosing which model and set of team data you want to use for the session. Click “Play Simulation!” when you’re ready.

Play – Here you see a diagram of the model you chose: Care Coordination, Medication Management, Psychotherapy, or Aggregate. The header above it also shows which dataset is in use. You may need to scroll down to see all of the diagram. (See Help: The Models for explanations of these diagrams and each of the models.) There are two other tiles on this page: Decisions, where you choose what decisions you want to simulate – which factors you’d like to simulate; and Results, where graphs of the results of your simulation will appear after you hit “Run”.

Help – You are here!

Chat – Chat lets you converse with either the rest of your team or with the Modeling to Learn facilitator. Note that comments are saved permanently. Also, like most chat applications, you can’t separate conversations by threads. So it’s best to only send chat messages for the facilitator while you are in a live session with them. If you’re experimenting on your own at another time, you might want to post a message to your teammates that they can see and respond to when they log in next.

TBD: Audio/Video – Audio of the above for 508, or is that accomplished by an app? Narrated version with screen shots for 508 and/or just different learner preferences? 

ii.	Creating a simulation - Include the same youtube video link from previous Iteration development, along with the text preceding (before, or above) the video. “The following video is for demonstrating the ability to embed a video.”

iii.	Viewing results

iv.	Saving and exporting

b.	Understanding the models

i.	Diagram basics and terminology

ii.	Care Coordination

a.	Text (video script)

b.	Video (captioned) Embed the following video: [link or instructions to be provided]

c.	Variables and parameters (table with units, definitions, and sources)

iii.	Medication Management

1.	Text (video script)

2.	Video (captioned) Embed the following videos (we will prob have two videos): [link or instructions to be provided]

3.	Variables and parameters (table with units, definitions, and sources)

iv.	Psychotherapy 

1.	Text (video script)

2.	Video (captioned)

3.	Variables and parameters (table with units, definitions, and sources)

v.	Aggregate 

1.	Text (video script)

2.	Video (captioned)

3.	Variables and parameters (table with units, definitions, and sources)

c.	Terms and abbreviations


d.	References and links

